spider silk with the scent of a female
he just needs to follow it wherever it
leads him
[Music]
other males have gone on the same quest
and have come to a grisly end
[Music]
here's the female and she doesn't look
very amorous
in fact she kills every male who doesn't
match up to her expectations what can he
do to win her over
[Music]
dance dance for his life he will need a
show-stopping trick to avoid becoming
lunch
[Music]
with his fan unfurled he begins an ever
more complicated series of dance moves
to try and seduce her
[Music]
at last she succumbs to his advances and
allows him to mate with her
[Music]
he matched her expectations but she
kills him anyway
[Music]
you